NOTE: If you run "inventory" and there's nothing in it (ie, after 
putting the cloak on the hook) a null pointer exception happens. So just
don't do that, and the game seems to be fine! :)




The Cloak of Darness (Version 0.1) Hurrying through the rain swept 
November night, you're glad to see the bright lights of the Opera House. 
It's surprising that there aren't more people about; but, what do you 
expect in a CS assignment
 ...? You are standing in a spacious hall, 
splendidly decorated in red and gold, with glittering chandeliers 
overhead. The entrance from the street is to the north, and there are 
doorways south and west.
 ?inventory
 You are carrying: a velvet cloak (worn) .
?go south
 It is dark in here!
 ?examine cloak
 It's dark in here.
 ?look east
 I have a better idea: let's get out of here before you disturb 
anything.
 ?look west
 I have a better idea: let's get out of here before you disturb 
anything.
 ?go out
 You are in the hall.
 ?examine cloak
 It is a handsome cloak, of velvet trimmed with satin, and slightly 
spattered with raindrops. Its blackness is so deep that it almost seems 
to suck light from the room.
 ?drop cloak
 I don't know how to "drop cloak".
 ?go west
 The walls of this small room were clearly once lined with hooks, though 
now only one remains. The exit is a door to the east. There is a brass 
hook here.
 ?examine hook
 It's just a small brass hook, screwed into the wall.
 ?hang cloak
 You hang the cloak on the hook.
 ?go out
 You are in the hall.
 ?go south
 You are in the bar. There seems to be some sort of message scrawled in 
the sawdust on the floor.
 ?look around
 The bar, much rougher than you'd have guessed after the opulence of the 
foyer to the north, is completely empty. There seems to be some sort of 
message scrawled in the sawdust on the floor.
 ?verbose yes

 ?go out
 You are standing in a spacious hall, splendidly decorated in red and 
gold, with glittering chandeliers overhead. The entrance from the street 
is to the north, and there are doorways south and west.
 ?go south
 The bar, much rougher than you'd have guessed after the opulence of the 
foyer to the north, is completely empty. There seems to be some sort of 
message scrawled in the sawdust on the floor.
 ?verbose no

 ?go out
 You are in the hall.
 ?go south
 You are in the bar. There seems to be some sort of message scrawled in 
the sawdust on the floor.
 ?rease message
 I didn't understand rease
 ?read message
 The message neatly marked in the sawdust reads... YOU HAVE WON !!!
