Welcome to your adventure. Have a good game. You are on a balcony facing 
west, overlooking a beautiful garden. The only exit from the balcony is 
behind you.
 ?go in
 You are in the north end of the Big Room. The room extends south from 
here. There is an exit to the outside to the west. There is a gold coin 
here.
 ?go south
 You are in the south end of the Big Room. The room extends north from 
here. There is a door in the east wall.
 ?go east
 You have entered the ballroom. The room has a high ceiling with two 
magnificent crystal chandeliers which illuminate the room. The floor is 
a polished wooden parquet with flowers inlaid around the edge. The north 
wall is lined with mirrors while the south wall has large windows which 
look out on a beautiful garden. There is a door in the west wall of the 
room. There is a piece of paper here.
 ?get paper
 You're now carrying a piece of paper.
 ?go west
 You are in the south end of the Big Room. The room extends north from 
here. There is a door in the east wall.
 ?go north
 You are in the north end of the Big Room. The room extends south from 
here. There is an exit to the outside to the west. There is a gold coin 
here.
 ?get coin
 You're now carrying a gold coin.
 ?look around
 You are in the north end of the Big Room. The room extends south from 
here. There is an exit to the outside to the west.
 ?go south
 You are in the south end of the Big Room. The room extends north from 
here. There is a door in the east wall.
 ?inventory
 You are carrying a piece of paper ,a gold coin .
?examine coin
 It's a US golden double eagle.
 ?drop coin
 You've dropped a gold coin.
 ?examine paper
 It's a piece of paper with some writing on it.
 ?read message
 The message says, "Enjoy your game."
 ?inventory
 You are carrying a piece of paper .
?drop paper
 You've dropped a piece of paper.
 ?inventory
 You are not carrying anything.
 ?magic
 You are in the magic workshop. There are no doors in any of the walls.
 
?magic
 You are in the south end of the Big Room. The room extends north from 
here. There is a door in the east wall. There is a coin ,and a paper 
here.
 ?quit
 You used 0 commands and made 8 moves. Hope you enjoyed your game. Come 
back and play again.
